[Music]
our technology is well ahead of what
people know because where I was right
place right time I saw some of that you
occasionally still work at Area 51 right
we call it the test site or the test
range Area 51 is just one component of
that entire huge sprawling compound
during that time a a green orb type
object had flown over and that was where
the weird [__]
started we moved on down another hallway
and it had a marking on the wall and
said off-world
technology that's insane
metallic basketball size sphere looked
like it was just levitating above the
podium it looked unnatural I'm looking
at it and and it almost looked like a
mirage type of effect and above that
display screen were these hieroglyphic
symbols that I started to see appear
this is encoded in something deeper way
deeper
welcome to maybe the most mind-blowing
interview we've ever done at American
Alchemy it's with a Green Beret named
Randy Anderson Randy is an American
Badass he's a complete physical specimen
having completed the notorious seir and
Q Special Forces qualification courses
both of which have very high failure
rates he's also an 18 Bravo Special
Forces weapon Sergeant who knows how to
operate just about every gun under the
the sun he wouldn't let me bring this up
in our interview because of how much he
cares about maintaining a humble quiet
Green Beret attitude but there's a lot
more I can say about ry's Battlefield
accomplishments out of respect for him I
will leave that a mystery for you to
speculate on but why are we talking
about Randy now and why has he agreed to
go on record well for the purposes of
this episode and our Channel which
covers the nature of reality in March of
2014 Randy was taken to a secret
underground facility called the offworld
technology division at Naval surface
Warfare Center crane what he saw there
changed his view of American
technological capabilities and his
worldview and understanding of humanity
and its place in the universe forever
and now it might change your
understanding of all of these things as
well thank you so much for being here I
just can't tell you how much of an honor
and privilege it is to be trusted with
telling your story it's one of the most
profound interesting stories I ever
heard and I've heard of given what I do
a lot of crazy stuff out there and um I
think we both are aware of the fact that
2025 is going to be a pretty crazy year
I think a lot of stuff is coming down
the pike and uh you know if there was
ever a time for for you to come out with
your story I think now now would be it
and so we've been having conversations
about that and I just feel honored to to
be here right now I think this is an
amazing moment and thank you absolutely
man you're you're the guy guy that's
you're out there doing it man you're
you're putting the story out there
you're telling people what's up bringing
awareness to it and I think that's key
and that's why I wanted to do this with
you and we have a mutual friend yeah he
goes by UAP gerb he has an incredible
Channel and he introduced us and so I
just want to start off by giving him a
huge shout out because he's one of the
deepest researchers I've ever met when
it comes to this topic I was thoroughly
impressed with the amount of stuff he
dug up on the place that I did the
training at absolutely Wild
yeah so so shout out to to gerb and I
know you're going to be doing a followup
with him and so uh yeah just want to
want to express my gratitude there but
let's get into your story because I
think in in some ways you are an
ordinary American and then in other ways
you're an extraordinary American and so
I want to get into the the ordinary
elements uh where did you grow up and
what were you like as a kid oh yeah uh
Pittsburgh pennslvania is where I was
born and raised for the first 10 years
of my life um we moved to Las Vegas when
I was pretty young and like 10 11 years
old and I grew up there the rest of my
life so I did back and forth for a while
uh with family so most of my family is
still back there uh and then most of my
young childhood teenage years were all
in Las Vegas and did you know that you
ended up having this really impressive
amazing thank you for your service by
the way career in Special Forces did you
know you wanted to get into that as a
kid no I I thought I wanted to be an
Navy seel because that's what everybody
knows about and I thought that was what
the coolest thing you could do in the
military at the time and um but I also
wanted to be a fireman that type of work
always is what appealed to me when I was
a kid like any typical Young American
Boy you ended up becoming a Green Beret
and a lot of people know about Navy
Seals there are a lot of public Navy
Seals out there you have David gogin you
know people like that you know doing
podcast circuit sort of stuff all the
time Green Beret are much less welln and
there's sort of a rivalry at times
between between the two we like we like
it that way we like being the true quiet
professionals I mean it's a cultural
thing it's a cultural difference I mean
nothing I wouldn't say anything negative
about the seals they're a very
professional organization uh it's just
culturally in in Special Forces Army
Special Forces particularly it's it's
not very popular to talk about what you
do that's why this is super
uncomfortable for me to talk about it
publicly but I think this is important
enough to do it at what point did you
become a Green Beret yeah so well when I
was young I I was testing for the fire
department in Las Vegas um I got hired
for the fire department really young 19
years old and I did that for a few years
and in my early 20s I was kind of
feeling
stagnant uh I I was a very motivated
young man and I and I I always
challenged myself to do the best I could
I was valid Victorian of my fire
department Academy firefighter Academy
um and I I I just felt like I was kind
of getting stagnant I was working at the
busiest Firehouse in the country I was
fighting fires all the time but I I just
felt like I wanted to do more the war
was raging in the Middle East and I I
was thinking still about that childhood
dream of becoming an NA seal and I
started looking into it and how I could
do it uh without telling anybody I kind
of kept it a secret I was married at the
time too so uh my wife's the only one at
the time that knew that I was looking
into it cuz obviously I had to make sure
she was cool with it uh so I started
digging in and finding out more about
the Navy Seals and talk to a seal
recruiter uh during that time another
friend of mine who was a firefighter for
a sister Department in Henderson Nevada
which is right in Las Vegas he told me
that he was a seal or um a marso guy he
was a what do they call it a Corman for
the Navy worked with marock and the
seals and he told me to look into Green
Berets he said it's just he thought it
would fit my personality better and he
said he told me a little bit about what
they do and I was like that sounds
really cool looked into it didn't know
much about it before that and I was like
that is definitely more of a fit for my
personality what I what I want to do
just they do kind of everything yeah uh
unconventional warfare uh anything from
counter drug to to counterterrorism
unconventional warfare is like going in
with a gorilla Force and and
overthrowing a tyranical government for
example so that just seemed like a
really cool Noble thing mission to me
and so that's I definitely was it
resonated with me and I pursued it and
luckily made it what how old were you at
the time I was like 25 okay yeah and
what was the main distinction because
you said you grew up wanting to be a
Navy SEAL why did you decide Green Beret
over Navy SEAL what's the main
distinction between the two as I dug
into both uh of the careers uh Navy
Seals there's movies out there there's
books out there green Braes didn't have
a lot of information I had to really dig
to find out and I thought that that
right there was cool to me like I didn't
want to do it to get some kind of
Accolade or recognition I wanted to do
it because it was the right thing and uh
helping be part of the solution and
doing fighting at the tip of the spear I
I felt like and so that's what I that's
why I was drawn to it how intense was
the initial training that's pretty Brut
as you can imagine like any any of that
type of training that's going to weed
out 90% of the people it's it's it's
pretty brutal you go through all your
basic training and all that stuff and
then you go through a selection phase
which is pretty difficult and the last
part of that phase is team week and
you're broken and beaten I mean
everybody's got stress fractures I think
had hundreds of stress fractures in my
feet by the end of it and you know
you're just you're still moving 20 30
mile movements you know throughout the
day and carrying an exorb amount of
weight like I think 175 180 lbs through
soft sand it's just brutal I mean
there's a lot of stuff out there on the
internet about it and but that's
probably one of the mo more difficult
physically demanding phases but during
the Q course you have language phase you
got to learn a foreign language you got
to be fluent you have six months to do
that that's difficult to do you know any
foreign languages yeah I speak uh
Indonesian and Malaysian it's amazing
yeah Indonesian is not an easy first
language to learn it's actually fairly
easy yeah it actually that's right
surprising isn't it sort of very I'm
going to use this word incorrectly but
almost interoperable like it's I have a
CO old colleague named Eric Weinstein
who always talks about how Indonesian
actually easy to pick up because it's
like a few different core variables or
something that account for the rest of
the language it's fairly easy the alphab
that's identical the the sounds are
slightly different but it's any language
is a lot of block memorization and and
then understanding like how you relate
it to your your native language are
there any things that you saw deployed
in the field that you know made you
think twice as far as American
capabilities or or adversary
capabilities just technology in the
Warfare context where you're like I
didn't know that that existed 100% yeah
so I think our technology is well ahead
of what people know I mean I know it's
well ahead of what people understand or
think where're where we are
significantly um and I because just
where I was L right place right time I
saw some of that and uh yeah there's
there's technology out there that I
think would blow people's minds if they
knew that we had that capability I mean
any
examples uh yeah the Drone technology we
have is pretty significantly better than
people think right now as we speak
there's this mystery drone craze I would
say clearly that some of these are not
man-made but you know that depends on
your priors and understanding of a lot
of the kind of weirder stuff but what
did you see and what what do you think
we are capable of on the on the Drone
front I think what we're seeing in just
my opinion uh we're seeing our
technology and drones respond to
something that's not ours are there any
drones disguising themselves as other
objects that seem prosaic have you seen
anything like that yes there there
there's technology that can be disguised
to look like ordinary things that are
drones and uh ISR uh surveillance type
platforms that's pretty amazing and so
are the things I'm assuming the things
themselves are not shape-shifting they
are no not that I saw yeah they're
creating a signature that resembles
something more kind of ordinary yeah
it's there to make you think it's
something else I mean it looks like a
local thing that would be normal to
anybody who lives in the area so there's
like a a funny protest movement um run
by this like trolling kid on social
media and it's like birds aren't real
and it's like that the birds are all
like you know CIA Spooks or something I
mean hilariously accurate that's wild so
you think that there are drones that can
maybe mimic I mean even in DARPA there
initiatives towards biomimicry and like
a lot a lot of biological designs have
actually inspired aircraft design but
we're kind of taking this a step farther
and saying that certain reconnaissance
devices actually look like and appear to
look like animal like birds Stu why
wouldn't it why wouldn't that be a
natural way of disguising your your
technology or what you're trying to
monitor someone without them knowing
you're monitoring them yeah anything
natural in the environment is is where
you want to hide that so it's it's
pretty intense um you also have worked
and occasionally still work at Area 51
right the kind of legendary uh flight
testing site I think was created in the
in the 1950s mainly actually to test I
think originally the U2 but then you
know other exotic aircraft on up from
there just recently another Green Beret
was in the news under more unfortunate
circumstances Matthew livelsberger
executed A Stranger Than Fiction car
bombing but with fireworks and a cyber
truck in front of Trump Tower in Las
Vegas on New Year's Day 2025 after the
incident podcast Sean Ryan had a guest
on Named Sam shoate claiming that
Matthew had emailed him saying that the
New Jersey drones that the entire
country has been confused about for the
last two months are actually
state-of-the-art gravitic propulsion
drones from China controversy ensued but
Shawn Ryan and shoemate have now been
Vindicated by the FBI it looks like this
email was in fact sent by livelsberger
the Las Vegas bomber having said that I
don't think we should wholesale accept
all of the contents of this email
Chinese electrogravitic drones carrying
large payloads that could vaporize New
York or DC at the drop of a hat hovering
with impunity around civilian airspace
feels hard to believe or at the very
least should be further investigated and
not just accepted at face value but
here's where I probably break from the
consensus I am confident that the US and
probably China have at least cracked
anti-gravity in laboratory settings I
know that sounds insane but if you don't
believe me check out my videos on the
great mid-century inventor Thomas
Townsen Brown and with Aviation
journalist Nick cook there's an
abundance of open-source evidence out
there that we can affect gravity in
clear ways with high voltage electricity
but I digress how does any of this tie
together with Randy's story well the
crazy connection here is this very weird
email sent by Matthew displays the
coordinates of America gravitic
propulsions Operation Center the
coordinates are at Area 51 now this
alone doesn't prove anything you can
Google area 51's coordinates the reason
this is interesting is because Randy who
is also a Green Beret in our interview
subject today has worked at Area 51 and
he told me off air that he's seen a
black triangle hovering around at the
notorious flight testing facility that
he believed was employing exotic
electrogravitic propulsion what is that
that experience been like anybody that
works out at that area they we call it
the test site or the you know test range
it's uh Area 51 is just one component of
that entire huge sprawling compound base
area uh it's testing range where they
tested the first some of the first nukes
you know and uh it's a really cool place
to check out historically I mean that
that's one of the coolest things I think
about it is seeing those sites where
they detonated nukes where they had the
Marines like embedded right next to
where the the explosions were going off
and they were dug in and you can
literally see the the area where the
explosion happened and where they were
dug in and benches where people sat and
watched nuclear explosions go off and
didn't didn't realize how much danger
they were in at the time I actually just
did a piece with this guy Robert
Hastings who wrote an amazing book
called UFOs and nukes and this guy
documents 167
whistleblowers uh guys who are cleared
to some of our most sensitive stuff and
they're basically tasked with guarding
the crown jewels of American defense in
our nuclear assets and they're screened
for being the picture of mental health
in certain cases they have their finger
on the nuclear button and so they have
to be on What's called the PRP program
and report if they're taking ibuprofen
for God's sakes like they're you know
very of sound mind and they consistently
report seeing UFOs showing up not only
in and around uh nuclear assets but
actually in and around the plume of
nuclear blasts and Atmospheric tests and
a lot of these guys are older so like I
think atmospheric tests were banned at
some point mid-century but like right so
if this was going on at Area 51 you have
to think that uh you know that's got to
be a very interesting place as far as
maybe UFO activity as well well sure and
I mean I always wonder too because it's
obviously it's a great place to test
technology because there's not a lot of
eyes on it so it's makes sense that
that's what they use it for and
obviously that's what they did the SR71
F-117 uh were programs I think were
heavily tested out there then I'm sure a
lot of the Exotic Tech is tested out
there as well but then there's also the
stuff that we don't we don't quite know
what it is that's showing up and I I
think it's incredibly interesting and
and personally I mean being out there so
my my role out there is to help um as an
opposition Force for some units that are
training for operations overseas and uh
that's about as deep as I can go into it
uh it's nothing super cool it's fun cool
guys stuff to do for guys like us guys
like me that like to shoot guns and get
in a gunfight or pretend gunfight this
case but um and and get to run into Old
buddies of mine that I worked with in in
uh Special Forces teams and so it's it's
cool and while out there uh we have had
a couple crazy incidents uh I'll speak
to one in particular just cuz I don't
think it's uh it's too too crazy to
speak about but basically um I had
brought I I brought some of the guys out
with me were operating under somebody's
Q clearance while out there uh one of
the commanders of the unit that was
coming in by helicopter uh unit landed
in one of the cadr that oversees the
their movement and kind of grading them
on their performance and uh
evaluating uh was standing next to some
of my guys and during that time a green
orb type object had flown over and my
buddy had seen it and he looked up at
the Cadre that was there and mentioned
if he asked him if he had seen it and he
said he looked down at my buddy and said
are you sure you saw that and my friend
was like yeah I saw it his green orb he
says cuz if you did see it we got a lot
of paperwork to do and and my buddy kind
of got the hint and he said yeah maybe I
didn't see it he's like that's better
and they kind of brush it off so they
obviously either knew what it was or
knew not to talk about it you know and
uh I I don't know either or I mean we
sign ndas and stuff going out there so
you know there's not much more we can
say about it but you know it's it was
interesting and and I've seen a couple
things like that out there in my time
working out there that are that are
definitely cool well the lack of shock
on behalf of that officer I think says
it all right like seems kind of like a
routine thing for him to have seen in
fact there was a meteor expert at the
University of New Mexico named Lincoln
laaz and in 1948 49
he was basically studying green
Fireballs following the plume
radioactive debris post nuclear blasts
across the US there's another guy
researcher named Dan Wilson who was also
following up on this line of research uh
and so I think that's actually fairly
common uh thing when it comes to uh uh
ufology and UFOs and and and Lou Alando
has also spoken about green fireballs
and in fact I've seen a green Fireball
with Lou alz that's crazy man yeah you
were mentioning that that's what can you
what was that what was the we were
hanging out at Lou's place actually in
Wyoming and Lou was It was kind of later
at night we were like by his shed just
hanging out and Lou is going deep on and
for basically for the audience for you
know who might need context on this Lou
alzando is a guy who ran the official
UFO investigation program under Harry
Reed was called oap kind of I guess
morphed into this program called a tip
and um and he's since come out and kind
of blown the whistle on some stuff uh
around UFOs and so yeah we're hanging
out at his house and he's going deep on
how the Sun is this nuclear fusion
reactor and specifically how it works
and stuff and then all of a sudden we
just see I it's hard to kind of place
distance on these things but we see this
green Fireball just shoot out into the
sky what the and we're just like what
the like this couldn't be weirder as far
as what this what we're talking about
who we're with and seeing this happen so
dude like I I know for a fact for me
since since uh my experience I've
definitely seen more stuff than I mean I
didn't see anything before that I never
noticed maybe I wasn't looking but now I
see [__] all the time that feels like
the Dirty Little Secret in UFO world
because it feels like a lot of people
downplay their personal experiences
because they want to maintain this like
impartiality of like I'm this perfect
scientist yeah but the more you notice
the thing the more it does start to
happen to you and the deeper you get you
have a couple drinks with you know
anybody in this field they start to say
yeah things have gotten kind of trippy
once I've started to look into this
which makes sense right like you have a
video of like you know I think this like
gorilla going across this video and if
you're not focused on the gorilla you
don't see the gorilla you know what I so
your attention is somehow fundamental to
what you experience in life so that
sounds like that's happened with you as
well well it's probably that same
phenomenon like you buy a red car and
then you see red cars or whatever you
know whatever type of car you buy you
see that type of car all the everywhere
exactly maybe it's just that we're
looking now and we're more aware of it
so we're seeing it yeah to Tony Robbins
I think uh was interviewed by Theo vau
and he was like notice everything red in
the room and if you were to do that
right now you notice everything red in
the room and then you close your eyes
this what you see that was brown what
you see that was brown you wouldn't
really remember but you would remember
the red thing so absolutely yeah I think
it's yeah anyways it's it's it's super
fascinating but that's wild so you
experienced that firsthand at Area 51
any other technology I mean one one area
that might be worthy of discussion is uh
one of the top five episodes for Joe
Rogan uh and and and the subject of a
lot of Mythology and lore in UFO world
is Bob lar right who claimed to claimed
to work at Area 51 a special compartment
of it called S4 yeah nobody knew what
area 51 was before Bob Lazar Lazar came
out and so a lot of people are like his
story is totally legit by the way he he
claimed to basically work on reverse
engineering UFOs and he's all sorts of
interesting stuff like Element 115 which
is this stable version of moscovium was
used for the propulsion he talks about
gravity a gravity B uh but he also was
shown things about bodies being
containers of Souls and just all sorts
of trippy out there stuff wild man yeah
so like I've dug more into this stuff
just since since the experience and and
uh I mean it's I I don't know about Bob
Lazar story of his true or not I mean
seems like he's telling the truth it
seems genuine but uh I don't know I
don't know if you're going to talk about
your theory on that but I think that's
pretty I think that's pretty cool man
and I'd lean into that pretty heavily as
far as like that's probably what's going
on man yeah I mean I don't know I I'm
happy to say it okay I think you should
uh well yeah I mean well I want to focus
this B back on you you're the real guest
of honor but but I I will I I I think
that Bob Lazar was kind of a limited
hangout of a person and so uh what I
mean by that is he would provide highle
Frameworks where you know it's like that
cicada challenge or whatever for the NSA
or something or is NSA or CIA or
something where it's like if you have a
spe a really impressive mathematical and
like puzzle you know piecing ability or
whatever online you get it you get
recruited or whatever and so Bob bzar
comes out he says gravity a gravity B
says all these things about you know
stable versions of these you know
elements that like not aware of and if
you investigate that and jump the bar to
the you know where you show a level of
prowess or ability with these Tech
highly technical Concepts and actually
kind of read the tea leaves on them then
maybe you get recruited to the program
100% the reason why I think this was
important for you to bring them the
reason I dug into that a little bit with
you is because this type of stuff
happens throughout the military as well
and so I'd like to give an example of
that if I could yeah um and and also
because I think it ties into maybe
possibly why I was exposed to what I was
exposed to okay um so and I I'll bring
that full circle
but what there was one point in the Q
course and again the Q course is a
training program to become a Green Beret
um they randomly and this this isn't
uncommon so it didn't strike me as odd
at at the beginning of this um they just
told us we're going to do a run and they
said just run until you're told to stop
do your best right this common way of uh
them evaluating you you don't know how
far you're going to go do your best
that's a difficult that adds a level of
stress okay and that's what they're
trying to do in a lot of these cases um
so you start running running down a path
um a soft sand Trail which sucks to run
on um and during the run I remember as
as I'm going along the Route the trees
had something posted on trees as I was
running and one tree had like a face
posted like a image head shot of
somebody I noticed it and then another
tree had a red seven another tree had a
blue three another tree had another face
and so there's just every so often
another tree had a something posted on
it and so I'm mentally noting this like
significant for some reason yes um and
at the end of The Run we it's just ended
up being like a sixmile run for time um
people that did well on the Run got
sectioned off people who didn't got
sectioned off and people who did well in
the Run got brought to an area where we
took a test and the test was all the red
numbers add all the green number
subtract and which faces did you see and
so you go through and you you do this
quick test and then people that did well
in the test
section off and and so on and it was an
evaluation for another unit in the
military above you know these units and
so they do that they do that kind of
stuff often at least in the military so
I don't see why a agency like the CIA
wouldn't recruit people the same type of
way evaluate you without you're being
realize you're being evaluated you're
going to get a genuine you know you're
going to get genuine good people or good
at what you're looking for them to be
good at totally yeah yeah and it's not
enough to tip the hat to the adversary
and might even throw them off the trail
in a sense but to some like initiated
Elite you know person then all of a
sudden you get into the program or
something so and so yeah I think I think
those type of tests happen often you
know especially in the military and
especially at the level of Special
Operations I think they're looking for
guys to just that display certain
characteristics to do other work Y and
if they identify that then you end up
and and I think maybe that's why I ended
up where ended up seeing what I saw
maybe something triggered something that
they said let's see and and that
happened so why don't we set this up for
the audience what is Naval surface
Warfare Crane and why were you there to
begin with yeah so I I didn't have any
particular knowledge about that it just
ended up being the place where we were
doing this training this particular
course was to do some Advanced weapons
training uh my job in Special Forces was
an 18 Bravo 18 braavos are your weapon
Sergeant on the team and your
responsibility is to be proficient on
hundreds of different types of weapon
systems foreign and domestic weapon
systems um and that's everything from
handguns rifles up to to rocket
launchers and uh recoiless rifles
mortars any type of Manpower weapon
system um so you can work over like a
100 weapons yourself yeah yeah wow I
mean but it's it's you just what you do
that's what you your focus is so you
know so this was just another course and
uh one of the focuses of this particular
particular training was the mark 44
minigun okay um that's a a somewhat
complicated weapon system um so it it
requires an extra level of training and
we were there going over that uh the
scar had a new
iteration uh of of it and we were going
over that so it's just just uh going
over Special Operations Socom weapons
yep and uh and more advanced training
like becoming an armor on some of those
weapon systems which allows you to do a
higher level of care and maintenance for
the team were you there with a unit or I
was there with a group of guys some guys
there were armorers for their unit um
some tier one units some special
operations units uh some guys were a
couple other Green Berets um there were
only a few of us me and one other guy
that ended up exposed to what we're
exposed to um and so yeah I'm going to I
want to show you this yeah I think it's
important to the valid validity of what
I'm saying so I don't know how you want
to yeah well for the for the intense
skeptic out there you have Naval surface
Warfare Center crane Division and Randy
M Anderson so there you go and it's in
my d214 as well which is I provide you
with and it's in your what my DD214
DD214 okay so that's your your record
everything done in the military is
documented there so so you were yeah
clear you were there by all intense
purposes man it was it was a normal
actually kind of rundown facility it was
it's huge uh crane Indiana is in the
middle of freaking nowhere and it's also
known for its Naval Readiness in general
right it's part of the navc program and
I've heard I don't know if this is true
or comports with your understanding but
that there's some coordination between
uh Crane and and right Patterson Air
Force Base it makes sense based on some
of the stuff that happened and there's
also a civilian company that was tied to
it that's tied to some exotic stuff as
well so kind of dig into that and see
well there's um AIC is a very
interesting contractor with some history
in in that area and I I've also I'm
friends with actually Navy special
Warfare guy and he'll say some pretty
interesting stuff to me he'll say like
the Air Force guys those guys talk yeah
and he's like the Navy guys they never
speak and they experience way more weird
he was like look at the tenure of
Nuclear Navy engineers and he was like
tell me like that's not the highest
churn job you've ever experienced he's
like those people
seeing crazy stuff underwater in these
nuclear subs and you think about it you
know all the stuff around UFOs and nukes
people with Q clearances they're above
land yeah if you're in this contained
vessel terrifying terrifying in some
remote you know part of the world or
whatever and then you see you know some
sort of non-human entity sort of try to
disrupt your comms or shut shut down
your power I mean right I'm out right I
can't if I can't shoot it yeah pretty
crazy so you're doing like kind of
combat training stuff at crane yeah
weapons training weapons training then
what happens a couple days into the
training we're doing really well me and
this guy were doing very well and we got
pulled to the side at the end of the day
on a regular training day and we stayed
after and we're talking with the the cad
instructors and uh they somebody else
had come into the room and we thought we
maybe were just getting um some extra
stuff because we're doing well and uh
they ended up telling us we're going to
go check out some foreign weapons
we went to another part of the of the
facility went to another building in
that building we went into an elevator
we took an elevator down which that was
the first odd thing is that it felt like
we went down significantly further than
like you would think you would I I mean
it was just awkward it just stood out
you went way underground I don't know if
it was way but it was it was further
down than like a few floors you know so
I don't know how far I don't how fast
was going I didn't know I needed to pay
attention to it at the time
uh it was just it's just something that
stood out to me that it was we were
going underground and these are pretty
well documented now across the America
you know underground military facilities
and so okay so you're going underground
did you did you know that there was an
underground complex at crane before this
okay absolutely not NOP wasn't briefed
on it didn't know about it didn't have
so what's going through your mind at
this point you're going down underground
in an elevator with these random
instructors well at the end of the day
man I'm a soldier and I do what I'm told
so I'm just just following orders just
going and okay we're going to go here go
stand there do this um but I'm being I'm
observing you know I'm kind of it's it's
starting to feel different you know um
the the mood has definitely become more
serious you know the the the people we
were with were were seem serious and me
and the other guy were just being quiet
and you know not showing any emotion as
we're training to do so uh we get under
there uh door opens we go through uh
security type checkpoint I remember the
first thing that stood out to me was
that the it was significantly more
modern than everything up top and that
that was odd um the lighting and
everything seemed more modern uh just
seemed more uh upkept yeah kind of
state-ofthe-art mhm uh it's very
streamlined how things operated down
there as you can tell it was like very
regimented uh just like you walk on this
everybody walked on the right side to go
down the hall people coming this way
walked on their right it's just there
was like a a line on the wall you follow
to different you know how like the
hospitals sometimes have like a line to
follow to this the emergency room it was
kind of that that seemed like it was
that I mean I wasn't 100% paying
attention to that I was just had
observed it uh upon getting under there
or getting down there um we moved
through a security checkpoint and then
we started looking at some foreign
weapons stuff and they were telling us
about the uh some Russian and Chinese
weapon systems that were captured I I
don't want to go too into the details on
this stuff um is still within uh to kind
of close proximity to that sure that I
don't I don't want to go too far but
basically it was pretty advanced stuff
that they had been using that was
captured probably I would assume by
agency types that were operating in the
area and had come across stuff that
seemed exotic uh it wasn't anything that
would strike me as beyond what I'd
expect us to find or people to have the
capability of making but it was it was
interesting for sure um just the type of
ammunition and the way the weapon
systems operated it was there was kind
of kind of exotic unconventional yeah
unconventional I would say not so much
exotic but unconventional for sure okay
um and so we we talked about that for a
little bit and they kind of felt like it
was sort of um evaluating our thoughts
on it maybe uh seeing you know we are
weapons experts and so maybe they just
wanted another set of eyes on it maybe
just evaluating to see what what we came
up with maybe they were evaluating us
for see how what we could find out about
I don't know I don't know you know this
like I said I've thought about this a
lot and maybe they knew and they were
testing you maybe they didn't know and
they genuinely wanted your help there's
a whole host of possibilities absolutely
and I don't want to say it was one of
the I don't know um but again we did
that for a
bit and then uh at any point did you say
hey why are we down here just kind of
yeah yeah yeah and you
wouldn't it's not it's not the way
things are done so you just do you
totally do thing and if you're ever like
going to be denied access to the most
interesting stuff it's by asking
questions like that probably yeah bet
you probably just want to kind of go
with it at that point okay so you're
looking at this exotic or not exotic but
unconventional adversary technology yes
yes um and again it was really
interesting and and I I think we came up
with a couple ideas what we thought
about it and uh purpose and
functionality and and then uh they they
kind of the two guys we were with spoke
for a little bit and then we and almost
and again I'm I'm a lot of this is me
trying to remember and so I don't know
if I'm getting everything perfect but uh
in hindsight looking back I would assume
maybe they were deciding if we were
going to go further yeah um and they
ultimately decided we would I guess cuz
we we went down ended up going through
another security checkpoint which that
was odd because we had already gone
through a significant level of security
and so I thought that was odd this was
more like going into a skiff okay uh
what I would compare it to and when you
do that you I mean everything it's you
take your watch off anything
electronic's gone y um so for the
audience ski is secret compartmentalized
information facility corre yeah and it's
basically it's like a faraday cage on
steroids so that any calms that take
place within the skiff are completely
offline anything that goes into the ski
can't come out can't come out and and
yeah so it's it's just a very uh
protected facility um for good reason
and so yeah it was it was that level of
of security which is the highest level
security I've seen or dealt with and so
that that was strange too cuz we had
already gone through a pretty robust
security checkpoint to get under there
and are they checking your clearance at
each point or no uh no I mean you're
already that's already done when we got
to the training so they know who we are
you know and um it was more just like do
you have anything right now on you yeah
that's what it felt like like a TSA on
steroid sort of situation yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah for sure um but yeah and then uh
you go through that you put your stuff
in a box gets locked into a box and then
you go through another check point area
I a scan and whatever else right um not
uncommon but seemed highly unusual for
for this mhm um after that we moved on
down another hallway and got into an
area that had a marking on the wall and
said offworld technology said offworld
technology that yeah that's insane so
immediately that I mean immediately my
bells go off I was it engraved or was it
was it it was did it look like it was
written in marker or something or it was
but it wasn't like it was like permanent
it was like somebody like stuck a
placard in kind of okay you know like so
I don't know it could have been it could
have been a setup it could have been
something just thrown together but it
could have been something that's just
how they had but it said offworld
technology yeah that obviously
immediately
started to feel what um what the [__] is
going on right um yeah so me and the guy
are looking at each other the other guy
that's there he's another Green Beret
we're like what the [__] you know kind
of giving each other that look and uh
yeah we that was that was where the
weird [__]
started um so yeah we go into into the
room and uh the the one room these
significantly higher level of Technology
like the lighting looked you know
everything was just it was more
uh everything was it was just a
different vibe man I don't know how else
to describe it like I said the lighting
was different the walls had like maybe I
would assume some type of fair day
material like everything was just a
higher level of of detail you
know um the first object was a
metallic basketball siiz sphere and it
was above a podium
and it was looked like it was just
levitating above the podium levitating
above the podium so there was space
between the sphere and the podium itself
correct and I remember at one point like
trying to angle myself like what how is
that do you think it could have been
some sort of magnetic levitation okay
maybe but it's just levitating there it
was just levitating did it look like a
prosaic like like this wood table where
if you were to you know touch it it
would act like a normal object did it
look holographic what did it look like
it so okay this is that's a good
question um then what stood out to me
was the the way the metal
looked it looked
unnatural was the and I I talked with
gerb about this and he he kind of dug in
on this I me and I'm like dude I don't
know how to describe it all I can tell
you is it didn't look natural it didn't
look like anything I could compare it to
interesting yeah so like it didn't it
almost looked like off world it fit the
bill yeah and and then also there was a
I mean and this could have been anxiety
or or anything else but uh the energy in
the room man was just different what was
what was the feeling you got looking at
this thing uh just an unease uneasy uh
uncomfortable
ominous that's the best way I could
describe it did it feel powerful or or
conscious or did it feel like this
inanimate object or didn't feel
inanimate it didn't feel conscious it
just felt like this was significant and
it could have been the the way that they
brought us in it could have been all the
buildup it could have been that do you
have any extra context at this point did
the instructors at any point are they in
the room with you by the way they are
acting like this is a normal Tuesday and
that's what [__] me up even more like
I like that's I was oddly very strange
man like this I mean been exposing
anything like this before that or since
so and they didn't say so what you're
about to experience is kind of trippy
they just took you into this room they
just and and and maybe that was part of
the point it could have absolutely just
been something that triggered on a
evaluation for me and this guy and they
brought us out there to see if we would
react to the technology that could have
been a part of it do you ask them at any
point well they so after a moment I mean
have a moment to like kind of drink that
in and then they were talking about and
they were kind of talking to us and each
other it it felt just weird man almost
like it was they were purposely making
awkward I would say but maybe it's just
because I was in a weird situation do
you know anything about these
instructors as far as like do they have
physics background or military
background most of them have military
background a lot of them come out of the
same type of Special Operations that we
were in some at least some of them um
but they are uh civilian contracted
companies that are working for yeah for
Crane gerb has come up with some really
interesting research around how this is
possibly saic and how they sure done
some Contracting work with uh crane in
the past and saic is pretty deep in
Consciousness research in fact they were
one of there's the CIA has a psychic spy
program this is fully by the way
Declassified and known and on record
psychic spy program it ran from 1972 to
1995 probably some version of it is
still going on today I have trouble
believing that you know they they
actually sunsetted it fully and why
would they it was successful yeah ex
yeah and you have you know people like
Joseph mcmonagle is remote viewer number
one who won the Legion of Merit for over
200 instances in which he added to
Military Intelligence in fact you have a
quote from Jimmy Carter who's president
from 76 to 80 saying the craziest thing
that I've ever experienced in my
presidency was a remote viewer her name
I believe was Rosemary Smith basically
there was this
tu22 um uh spy plane Russian spy plane
that had
downed had gone down in Africa all of
Africa is the Target and this woman
draws a 3 squ m radius in Zer where they
find the plane and so and he freaks out
and he's there's an audio of him saying
this and so for anybody out there you
should look into this this this is a
real program saic in paloalto was
running a lot of the operations later
for for Stargate and and the psychic spy
program so they're extremely interested
in this and our friend UAP gerb has dug
up a lot of research around saic's work
with Crane and there are other instances
by the way of tests going on with people
and their psionic connection and there's
a guy named Chris bledo you're probably
familiar with North Carolina yes a guy
Nam crazy story crazy story and a guy
named Tim Taylor is an as submission
controller we were talking about him
last night shows up in bled so's life
yep shows him a a piece of space
material and somehow bledo knows that
it's like not from here yeah and then
and and and there's this interesting
kind of reaction
and then Tim Taylor says why you or
something like he knows that at that
point bledo does actually have this
genuine psychic ability or something
well dude that's funny that you bring
that up because I 100% when I saw that
sphere could say that I would if if I
had no other context even though I had
the off world technology label you know
um if I had none of that I would have
been like that's not from here right
more context or corroboration that maybe
your story isn't happening in a in a
vacuum m there's a story of Yuri Geller
where again say what you will about the
guy I think there might have been some
snake oil and some of the stuff that he
was doing but he was brought over by a
guy named Andre puharich who was part of
Consciousness research going on in the
US but also was doing weird MK Ultra
stuff as well he brings uh over Yuri
Geller Yuri Geller has a a crazy story
with Warner Von Brun who's the father of
the German and American space programs
ran our Saturn program that took us to
the Moon where Von braa shows him a
again a piece of space material in a
safe and Yuri Geller is able to deduce
that this is not from here whatever and
so this seems to be kind of this
recurring Trope yeah well I mean I
definitely felt that when I saw the
object I did not say that and I think
they I think they were trying to see if
we had a reaction to it and I mean
because there was an awkward moment of
silence like I said and and it and then
they started talking about it and maybe
maybe they were discussing it to
get further reaction out of us but they
started talking about that it was
recovered in a from a a craft that had
crashed they said that they did say that
wow so they said this orb was actually
recovered from a craft but it it itself
was not the craft correct whoa yeah so
what do we think I mean did you
extrapolate anything from that as far as
what role the orb played in the crafts
overall working so I want to be careful
how what I what I say I remember and
don't remember cuz this was a while ago
but I want to say I remember them
talking about it being a control
mechanism for the craft some type of
control mechanism for the craft and I
don't remember if they had said that to
each other or to us um like I said there
was kind of a two-way conversation
happening they were talking a little bit
back and forth to each other and then
talking giving us uh bits of information
also so I don't remember exactly how
that came out but I do remember them
saying that it was potentially part of a
control mechanism and that it interacted
with conscious bus I wanted to ask a
question I didn't but I'm like how would
that how would they know that right wow
so okay you see this orb levitating on
this Podium then what happens um so we
we spent a little time there and then we
went to the next object and it was
another metallic object very very
strange looking same type of vibe it
looked it's hard to describe because it
didn't get a full view of it but it
looked like something you could like
reach in and grab mhm and pick up and
maybe it was something that would uh you
could put on your arm or so something
that would use it would have to use it
with their arm that's the best way I can
describe it like like a gauntlet like a
gauntlet yeah this a good analogy or
maybe something that would like be like
a shield but but uh and it had like a a
crystal type of uh display screen M or I
don't know if it was a display screen it
was Square rectangular uh looked like it
would potentially be display screen and
it was sitting it was not levitating it
was sitting on a like a a table uhuh and
at that point like I'm looking at it and
and it almost looked like a mirage type
of effect and in that above that display
screen were these hieroglyphic symbols
that I started to see appear what
yeah hieroglyphic SYM that's the best
way I could describe them and I don't
know they were anything going through
your mind at this point as you're saying
yeah I was [__] in bricks I
mean yeah was Terri terrifying I mean
and are you trying to figure out I'm
just trying to be cool man I'm trying to
not look like I'm trying to act normal
yeah I don't know what's happening I
don't know what I'm what's what this is
for I'm just trying to just act like
everything's fine yeah and in retrospect
have you been able to deduce what any of
these symbols were or Draw them up or
what they mean so I've I've randomly
like I like I told you I I'm meditating
all this stuff now and and during
meditations I've had a couple times
where they've come I've thought about it
and they've come into my my thoughts
also the lawyer um Danny shean Danny she
yeah he had talked about him and they he
had drawn some that looked a lot like
what I saw lot like what you saw said
for context for the audience Danny shean
in
1974 or five was taken into a skiff
again secret compartmentalized
information facility in Washington DC uh
I believe at the beest of the incoming
Carter Administration so might have even
been 76 and he was shown basically the
Blue Book files right and he's looking
through the Blue Book files and he sees
this UFO crashed into the side of a
mountain and it's the dead of winter and
there's some Air Force officers present
and he sees on the rim of the UFO these
hieroglyphic symbols the UFO had had
crashed into this field and there was
snow and the dirt was all turned up and
stuff and the the UFO itself was stuck
in the side of this big embankment in
one of the photos I could see these
symbols that were all around the base of
the of the Dome and I took out the
helipad and I opened it up to the inside
cardboard of it and I slid it under the
the microfish machine and I focused it
so that I could see the symbols uh and
then I traced the symbols exactly uh uh
verbatim you know all the way around
this the half of the the the Dome that I
could see and I just put him all I just
traced all of them I saw that show and
what he had draw is very close to what I
seen and also I want to touch on
something else that this correlates with
documentary that I saw on YouTube about
DMT yeah and these guys were doing uh
they were doing experiments with DMT and
they found that everybody was seeing
these same symbols when they did Shine a
laser a certain way and and kind of did
a defract the laser yep in a way that
you do like the double slit experiment
yes and in in the defraction they saw
these symbols and those symbols are the
same that's fascinating yeah Danny Jones
does this amazing uh show on this and
these guys are they're doing DMT they're
showing they're showing a laser in a
specific way exactly to create this
defraction effect and then their kind of
interpretation of this is like they're
seeing almost like the source code like
a binary code behind
what we're seeing which that sounds
absolutely absurd but if you take
physicists like John Wheeler seriously
yeah or people like Claude Shannon who
wasn't really more kind of information
Theory but like maybe the universe is
more information theoretic at its at its
core and we are rendering it in real
time and maybe when you take DMT you you
ascend into these higher States and you
can actually look at the source code
itself it's fascinating and what does it
mean then if that source code is in the
same language of whatever I saw on that
device and whatever well that Danny saw
on that craft that makes me think that
these things offworld might be a slight
misnomer and it might be a an interior
fabric to the reality that we're in
every day or something something even
more fundamental to what we're seeing or
something probably touching on something
but when you're looking at these
hieroglyphics you obviously don't have
the context of the Danny shean interview
or whatever at that point so are you
what's going what's the first thing that
goes through your head as to like what
this is um well first thing is like am I
hallucinating or is am I seeing that I
was squinting and looking at it and I
think even one of the guys that was with
us had asked me like cuz he saw me
looking at it and asked me if like are
you everything all right or I don't
remember exactly what he said but he
kind of inquired to why I was looking at
it and I was like oh yeah and I just
kind of brush it off and you know forgot
about it but I mean not only did I see
the symbols but they were like changing
in like to different symbols so there
was there there was a movement to them
as well so they weren't just like
static it's almost like a like a like a
they were shuffling in and out you ever
see uh Predator yeah yeah you know how
when he has a little Communicator thing
and he's like going to blow himself up
and it like does a little countown I
kind of look like that do you feel like
it was like a a holographic display or
like that the technology showing it did
it feel prosaic or did it feel like just
something you'd never seen before as far
as the display itself holographic sure
could have been but it was very crisp
you know like where I would feel I feel
like the holographic technology I've
seen it like CES or whatever it's it's
almost like kind of hard to like you can
see that it's a light you can tell that
it's not yeah it's not a solid object
not a physical object yes you could you
could see in that case that it was like
a light display and in this case does it
almost feel like it's like part of
reality itself yeah that's a good way to
put it wow mhm
and oh man there's so many places to
take this like we were talking last
night and a lot of the early
cryptographers if you look at like I
think he's a 14th century guy
trithemius would write about
cryptography in the context of Angel
communication and even today like we're
in LA right now there are all sorts of
people who say that they feel like
they're communicated with by ETS or
Angels maybe those are you know the same
thing yeah via these like you know
numerology
111 222 33 you know all sorts of people
sort of say things like that and you can
kind of laugh it off but that is
actually a long-standing tradition Queen
Elizabeth had a chief spy and magician
right his name was John D and he claimed
to communicate with angels via what he
would call an noan language and I showed
you some of these symbols aler Crowley
said you know similar thing he's
probably a darker version of this you
know not necessarily the most Savory guy
but um he would communicate with these
you know a through a noan language and
you said that these symbols looked
somewhat like what you had seen yes yeah
that's fascinating yeah I have a whole
bunch of different perspectives that I
think about because of seeing all this
stuff after the fact yeah and I and I
and our minds are very fallible you know
and so I I don't know how much I I don't
want to over speak it and and add
something that's not true on accident so
well I think the core details are
I like trying to keep it to that because
I don't want to to to screw with it but
it would appear like it's it's some kind
of communication tool it's it's for sure
it's trying to tell you something did
you feel like anything got downloaded
into you or you were received a message
or not at that point what definitely I
could say after the fact is that it
changed everything for me after that and
I don't know that it was because of the
objects or because of what Expos or if
it was just because it made me think
differently and led me down a different
path so what happens at that point do
you turn to these instructors and you
say hey guys what the hell was that you
just get let out of the room what
happened well yeah so they we discussed
a little bit more stuff I remember they
they spoke about the object a little it
got brought up that uh that somebody was
potentially harmed in the retrieval of
that item okay The Gauntlet or the yeah
the second item um that it had
discharged some kind of energy that
somebody had been harmed or even
possibly killed and they were they were
discussing that and then uh we went back
through the scare check points we we got
upstairs we were told not to discuss it
with anybody else in the class they were
pretty serious when they told us that
and um I'm pretty sure in our initial
whenever you go to like a military
course initially like the first day or
two is like admin stuff and so you're
filling out all your your paperwork and
getting everything ready to start the
class and the training and so I'm sure
we sign you don't read all stuff
especially when you go to class after
class um so I'm sure we sign ndas and
and stuff in that beginning part we
didn't sign anything additional after
that so there's nothing nothing
remarkable about that we were just told
not to discuss it with the class and
that or not to discuss it outside of
that so that was it that was it go back
to your normal life go back to your
normal life I never was exposed to
anything else again and never got
brought up again I never spoke to the
other Green Beret again he was from a
different team uh different uh group and
and we never spoke about it again I now
personally know from some contacts in
Navy special Warfare that Naval surface
Warfare crane does deal in the most
exotic adversary Weaponry it also deals
with the doe the department of energy
and our nuclear capabilities and it
frequently coordinates with Wright
Patterson Air Force Base which is just a
3-hour drive away in fact my contacts
told me that if rright Patterson is the
center of the Air Force's most exotic
off-world reverse engineer engineering
efforts Naval surface Warfare crane is
the center of the Navy's off-world
reverse engineering efforts all of this
just further corroborates Randy's story
and where have we heard of off-planet
Technology before well Harold mgram a
top adviser to JFK Nixon LBJ and Ford
claimed that he was personally briefed
on other world Technologies by Richard
Bissell of the CIA this story is a huge
deal given mmr's unimpeachable
credentials and Richard Bissell founded
and set up Area 51 on behalf of the CIA
could mgram and bissell's otherw World
technology now be called offworld
technology the same off-world technology
that Randy saw why come out now and why
why talk to me about it a good friend of
mine Mike Herrera came out um I saw
David grush was brave enough to come out
that guy had some really high level
information and yeah and took a lot of
risk doing that and who am I to protect
my little story I think it's important
it's part of the story and you know I
think it's important to tell it because
it adds to The credibility and of all
these guys that are doing it so I just
think it's it's the right thing to do
hopefully there's other people that have
that can explain what that was I mean
that would be some nice closure for me
to be able to find out if that was
actually off worldold
Tech how has your life changed since
that experience because even though you
weren't able to speak about it again you
never experienced anything like it where
you were maybe shown secret Tech in a
classified
facility I can imagine that just being
extremely ontologically shocking to the
point where your your aperture your your
your your measurement tool that is you
know what you see and are interested in
opens up well I mean yeah immediately
that that changed for me I got back that
night later than everybody else
obviously to the barracks and I couldn't
sleep and I sit up all night thinking
about are like does this mean aliens are
real like what is this mean and and I
just it was a it was absolutely shocking
to to my state of awareness and my
belief systems and it it took a bit took
a bit for me to to wrap my mind around
that and yeah what helped was it kind of
sent me down the rabbit hole of all this
stuff I started digging into the the
other stories I started taking them
maybe more seriously and and not just
brushing them off as as [__] you
know and so it did it did open my
aperture it did allow me to start
looking at other things then I started
uh we talked about the Steven GFF stuff
and he talked about Consciousness and
meditation being a component of
communications to started meditating um
and and all those things have helped
benefit me in my life in significant
ways so it's almost been healing in some
sense or something initially it wasn't
and and because it because of that I
think It ultimately turned out to be
yeah I think that's a common story of
you experienc something kind of
paranormal it shocks you it busts you
out of your comfort zone and then you
realize your comfort zone was actually
kind of limited and not always the most
positive orientation towards the world
and this opens you up to all these other
possibilities and it can be dark and
scary and lonely but it also leads you
down kind of a more spiritual path I
think the big component of that was I
was so in my ego at those times like
obviously I did jobs like being a
fireman and being a green beray not
because I wanted recognition for that
stuff I did it because I wanted to to
help people and and and do something
good for people um that's what drove me
to those careers um but also there was a
part of me that
enjoyed being recognized as that as that
person right um like people look at
fireman like your Local Heroes and green
Braes are badasses and that I thought
that was cool um after that that
happened and I and I like I told you
last night I kind of had sort of an ego
death I would call it and I didn't give
a [__] about any of that anymore yeah
but but it allowed me to appreciate the
things I've done more because it wasn't
anymore about like what people thought
about it it was just because it was the
right thing to do and I felt good about
even better about it sounds pretty
positive sure yeah and uh meeting
Michael Herrera how how did that come
about for context for the audience
Michael Herrera has gone on a couple of
podcasts probably most notably Sean Ryan
and this is a guy who was definitely
deployed in Indonesia he was with his
unit and he sees a craft what I remember
is kind of like a pyramid uh shape at
the top like this cuz I remember seeing
some shading and then it had Corners
right and I remember seeing these vents
as least that's what it looks like on
each of the corners like this so there a
vent here and it was like it was
positioned on the lines like
this um and then on each Corner when
this thing took off it had lights that
would pop on which would have been like
red yellow green and blue are the only
ones I remember that kind of had a line
that went like this and that uh it had
some sort of scale pattern that it you
know I estimate is octagonal but it
could
be it could honestly be circular it
could be square I wasn't close enough to
depict it this was the
blackest darkest thing that I have ever
seen in my life all of a sudden this
like what he thinks maybe is this doe
Department of energy paramilitary unit
yeah with far superior weaponry and kind
of apparel shows up basically swears his
unit to secrecy and takes control of the
situation he was later back channeled
with from somebody claiming to be part
of the quote unquote Legacy UFO program
and this person says hey you saw some
really gnarly stuff out there what we
were doing is actually and this is where
it gets dark and weird rounding up
people from disaster zones like
Indonesia at the time and testing their
psionic ability so their ability to
interact with these exotic crafts so
that we could maybe you know basically
do flight testing with with these people
and again it's just another data point
for your story because you're talking
about this kind of mind matter
interaction
connection and they're doing that stuff
in Indonesia and this is a guy by the
way in Michael Herrera correct me if I'm
wrong because you know him well I think
he own runs a very successful business
in Colorado like he like it's literally
zero reason if anything he's lost
business over coming out he it did not
yeah it doesn't benefit him to do this
like he he did it because the same
reason I'm doing it it's it was the
right thing to do um yeah I me his story
is crazy man like definitely people
should look into that because
like who knows how much dark stuff's
really going on tied to all this and if
that's why they they fight to keep this
secet part of this so compartmentalized
and secret I I don't know man and how
did you meet him was it through your
newfound interest and kind of out there
stuff from your experience well yeah and
then some of the stuff he talked about
like he brought up some of the the stuff
that the unit had it I knew some of the
I added some stuff that I thought maybe
we we chatted on social media and then
kind kind of just became friends through
that
okay yeah it's it's it's interesting
once you kind of come out of the
woodwork stick your head out of the
water you see oh there maybe there's
some other people who experienced some
pretty crazy stuff I've found through my
own you know research in this area I
think the common misconception is
civilians they're conspiratorial people
in the government they're like these
normies or something it's the opposite
absolutely people in the government are
more conspiratorial than people outside
of the government and I think it's
because there are people like you you're
you're the extreme version of this but
there are so many people like you who've
experienced weird stuff while working in
the government where and then it's like
this kind of don't look over there but
like you kind of file it away forever
and you kind of saw the little thing in
the in the room you weren't supposed to
look at or whatever and there's a lot of
that yeah it's we say like peering
behind the curtain like once you do that
like you can't go back can't go back I
think we're both aware and it's kind of
an Open Secret at this point I mean you
have Ross colar say publicly on news
Nation there's a story it's going to
break in January you know things are
going to get kind of
crazy uh it seems like an Open Secret in
UFO disclosure world that A lot's going
to come out in this area it is and I I
think both of us feel that that could be
extremely positive and extremely
negative and it's a Pandora's Box and um
I've always formerly been on the side of
release as much as we can because I
think the public deserves to know the
truth but then it's it's funny as you
get to this kind of exciting you know
things are bursting at the seams Tipping
Point it also gets a little scary and
you realize that there is something
adaptive about materialist reductionism
and thinking that this world we live in
is extremely limited and just like
random atoms bouncing off of one another
like there's something actually very
adaptive about that from like leading
your life in a normal way day-to-day
basis and so how do we lead this in a in
a in in a positive way obviously based
on what I'm doing my belief is that the
truth is what we all need to fight for
right getting the truth out and I think
it's important but also maybe there is a
maybe there is a component of this
that's there's a reason why some of this
was kept back uh maybe there is
a and I can say that there certainly is
part of it that if it was told to
everyone would would change reality but
ultimately it needs to happen I just
think there we have to be ready for it
as well yeah I don't know what that
looks like but I think what you're doing
is is a huge part of that I mean getting
awareness out there about it talking
about it our reality might not be what
we think and we might have we might have
stumbled across this historically in the
past and it might have been bad then you
know well the the point you're getting
at I think is
the fact that we're not alone in the
universe is not the tip of the spear
that's not the thing that it's funny you
hear reporters like Ross Kart Jeremy
Corbell people who are honestly closer
than people like me I'm maybe a little
more risk averse as far as speaking to
people in and around the quote unquote
Legacy UFO program and it seems like
they always get to a point in the
conversation at the end of the
conversation where the person on the
inside says you would not be Pro
disclosure if you knew everything I knew
and I worry that there's actual Merit to
that I do because I think we're dealing
with sacred spiritual things ontological
truths and at least in the military
context you're talking about that in
a using that in instrumental you know
weaponised way you know ways that are
kind of uh uh not sacred you know like
for our kind of brutal you know uh needs
and desires and and geopolitical
realities MH and that's weird territory
yeah man I think I think there's a lot
of Merit to that there's things I
wouldn't want my my son for example to
know I wouldn't want him to know that
that's a true part of reality so what
does that mean for everyone I don't know
it's a tricky slippery it's extremely
tricky because like you drive around La
you drive around any major city Las
Vegas any major city in the US and you
look around and from a kind of
architecture infrastructure
perspective most of these places have
not been they're crumbling they haven't
been updated since the' 60s and 7s and
now we have it's interesting the
National Science Foundation officially
coming out saying we're looking into
extended electrodynamics and that is uh
basically this new paradigm in science
that involves a scalar field exotic
electromagnetic wave types that get into
like you know the works of Tesla this
kind of unknown guy named Thomas towns
and who's now probably being Vindicated
yeah and you're talking about the
ability to manipulate gravity through
electromagnetism and do all sorts of
stuff through you know highspeed rail
let's bring the Concord back with with
with with flight that you know get to
Europe in an hour whatever um and so
that's really important right that's
important and ontological Truth is
important and then there are you know
risk factors as well and so it's this
weird technological forcing function
where it can be really good and it can
be really bad yeah and I I mean I sure
as iell don't know the answer I just I
hope that we're contributing in a
positive way I think we have to listen
to the people closest to the action on
these things and so it's like the the
experiencers you're an experience or at
least of the technology and most of
those people say they come out saying
we're getting a warning that you know
these things care about our nuclear
facilities because that is the center of
the Apocalypse if you were to place the
end of the world anywhere would be at
these these Q clearance facilities where
we could blow up the world yeah and so
the fact that they're showing up there
is probably a warning to it's not
they're not I don't think they're
prepping the battle space I think they
are like doing recon on our abilities I
think they're saying don't blow
yourselves up but I I could be right
that's again our our interpretation but
well yeah and so I can look at that both
ways because I could look at it from
from just my human open heart way of
looking at it and say yeah I agree and
then the tactical mindset I have tells
me but we don't prepare for the best
case scenario we prepare for the worst
case scenario right and so what is that
and that is they are prepping the
battlefield so we have we have to
observe and be aware and be ready sure
so interesting I mean we talked about
Diana Pula this religious studies
Professor so cool man she's amazing and
she wrote a book about modern UFO
phenomena as a religious phenomena and
she meant to write about it as a scop a
psychological oper she was like I think
this is probably all fake then she falls
in it and she's like oh my God this is
very real yeah and it's this interesting
thing where you stare at the abyss long
enough it starts to stare back or
whatever you fall into it and she's like
oh my God this this becomes real and
almost realizes that what we are looking
at now is what a lot of divine contact
experiences have been in the past and
she talks about St Francis of aisi who
sees this flaming torch you know orb
thing on Mount lever in I think uh 12th
or 13th century Italy
and it's to him it's this forcing
function towards God and he he actually
has electrom what seems like
electromagnetic radiation as a result of
this experience what we would Now call
that yeah and and then actually writes
in his diary the last thing he writes is
the Greek letter Tao which means
conversion and so it's like this forc
it's like he had this Angelic experience
and it's this forc conversion to
Christianity and then it's called the
Stigmata because there was a stigma
around his exper and you talk about
modern UFO Abduction cases there's this
big stigma and there's this like you
know desire to not disclose and this you
know it's so fascinating yeah yeah I
especially like a lot of the stuff she
talks about when she talks about these
all these people that have been key
contributors to like rocketry and and
the way that they got their ideas and
that's wild man yeah that the fathers
what are we missing like what what do I
need to be doing I'm not doing you know
like that's kind of [__] I started
digging into and you know I mean there's
something to it well the inter whenever
somebody's doing something kind of
trippy or
unconventional but they're also a key
contributor in a conventional sense to a
core program or capability you have to
look into that and so in this case the
fathers of all of the space programs
American space program is a guy named
Jack Parson founded jet propulsion Labs
the Russian space program a guy named
chovsky MH and then the German Space
Program won Bron all of these guys
thought that they were in touch with
non-human entities and they were doing
Tesla is a great example too Tesla said
that he communicated with
extraterrestrials in
Colorado so yeah you have to start maybe
taking some of these things seriously
and a lot of these guys say that that
that is actually essential to our you
know their ability to actually work in
these rocketry programs and so this guy
named Tim Taylor who is a modern NASA
mission contr works with Elon Musk I've
met this guy and I actually am invested
in a rocket company and I was at you
know was it was struggling and I was
like man how do we get this thing to
work cuz he's this famous NASA Mission
controller I like give me advice or
whatever and I was grasping at straws
and he goes you have to think about what
they want as far as how to get the
rocket to work and I was like they you
mean like non-human intell yeah that's
wild wild yeah and I'm I'm listening to
this guy I'm like he I opic I don't know
but he's a he's a real NASA Mission
controller yeah works at the highest
level well D look at all the names of
the programs right like they that tell
you something too right Artemis yeah and
they started looking into that the
iconography the second century Latin
writing exactly man like it starts to I
mean just just keep your eyes open yeah
it feels like 2025 is sort of uh
Consciousness apotheosis of sorts you
have all of these
converging accelerating Dynamics and you
have artificial intelligence you have
open AI anthropic you know all sorts of
spin outs and offshoots of of of these
organizations that are buying up tons
and tons of Nvidia chips and in this
massive race and then the US Visa China
mainly China but also Russia and you
know other other adversaries you have
this Global AI race you have you know
the um Google Quantum Sycamore processor
that they just announced that they say
might theoretically prove the many
world's hypothesis it's crazy it's crazy
you have those two things and then you
also have the David grush Revelations
that we're talking about today and that
your testimony you know really uh
provides more evidence for which is that
we're not alone and that reality is way
weirder than we think and all three of
these things seem to be converging and I
interviewed a guy named Matthew Pines
he's pretty connected in the kind of
National Security world and he said that
you know somebody in a very cleared to a
lot of things I think at the Pentagon
said something like AI Quantum plus the
grush stuff yeah and that that iron
triangle of Dynamics will unleash a
whole host of crazy possibilities and as
you know people in the National Security
State you know this guy or whatever he's
like that's what we're tracking so yeah
H how do we make sense of this dude I
mean I I 100% think a lot of these
things are connected in some way that we
might not quite understand yet I don't
know I mean we could theorize about it
all day but um I know there are people
that are trying to stay ahead of the
game on that and example that is uh my
my good friend Chris Wright he's uh he's
CEO of a company called aitc the
artificial intelligence trust Council
and I'm part of that as well and the
mission for us is to try to slow down
the growth of AI at least to a point
where the people have a say in how how
far this goes because right now it's
it's it's a runaway train and no one
really knows what's happening behind the
curtain and there's really no oversight
on a potentially the most deadly could
be weapon system ever developed Y and
what why say that is any significant
amount of Technology that's that's
capable of doing great things is
sometimes also capable of great
destruction I'm telling you about drones
that you could drop the size of smaller
than the palm of your hand
you can drop hundreds of thousands of
them out of a back of a C130 and could
be trained to individually seek out and
kill individual targets oh without a
human component to take away the human
component from the decision to take a
life that's I think that's where we're
crossing a line we don't we shouldn't
cross it's extremely dystopian from a
Warfare perspective as early as and
probably earlier than this but like
Donald Rumsfeld I remember you know in
the bush 43 admin Secretary of defense
his whole thing was we need to
roboticize or
autonomization because a human is in the
loop exactly right Russia the Russia
thing the Russia thing is a great
example was in the ' 80s or something
you know and where where that guy could
have this close that guy could have
caused nucle you know Global cataclysm
and because of his own moral conscience
and no Superior he you know didn't uh uh
uh basically uh uh activate the the new
yeah what would an AI system have done
it would have made the decision
immediately to just neutralize the
threat it would have been a a cold hard
calculation zero intuition yep and I
think there's something about you know
the whole AI conversation which
is that the the brain is a turing
machine and it's this you know
calculator on steroids and so if the
brain is just this calculator we're
going to recreate Consciousness via Ai
and I think it's this total misnomer and
misunderstanding of the brain I in fact
think we learn with low data sets babies
come out of the w wom with some
understanding of grammar a fear of
snakes you know all sorts of things
right this is encoded in something
deeper Right Way deeper and we're not
learning through these large data set
there's something very different about
remote viewing right how do you expl
monkey you ever hear about the H
hundredth monkey no's 100 I want to hear
that something you didn't know about
yeah there there's a lot I don't know
about no so I I'm I'm paraphrasing man
so probably get hammered on this but
island of monkeys certain type of monkey
I think it's in Japan that they have a
species of monkeys that's separated by
an island the same species but they're
separated and they never interact with
each other okay um they were dropping
they were doing experiments they were
dropping uh these potatoes on the island
and they were getting covered in dirt
and sand when they dropped them on the
beach and one of the monkeys figured out
oh if I just take it to the water and
wash it off then I can eat it without
the sand right simple thing well it
taught other the other monkeys how to do
it mhm and quickly the whole island knew
how to do that as soon as that they
called the hund monkey as soon as a
certain number of monkeys were uh
realized this is what they do suddenly
and instantaneously the other Island
started doing it and so they didn't they
don't know exactly what that mechanism
is but they see think there's some kind
of component of Consciousness that's
tied to that that's allowing that to
jump I think so and so and and there's
other studies to that too like you saw
the Stanford did the one with the light
and the plants and and so there's a lot
of that that's starting to like come out
in science it's showing us that
Consciousness might be there's a
component to that's that's that's you
know we don't understand at all well we
might have deeper yeah speaking of like
uploading Consciousness to the cloud and
how weird that sounds from an AI
perspective that might be going on with
our conscious like we might have a
client server side interaction with our
Consciousness but that's way more
magical and robust and so a good example
is the banister effect where upload
times are slower than download times so
breaking the 4minute mile as the first
person is going to be much harder than
downloading that you know going for
already exists yeah and there's a guy
named Rupert sheldrake who studies all
this stuff and he says that once you
grow if you grow a a first crystal
structure of its kind it takes a long
amount of time because he thinks that
that's proof that it's it's drawing from
the local information field it hasn't
been done before so it takes a while for
that new crystal structure you grow that
same crystal structure after that it
becomes much faster yes if you make a
new chemical compound for the first time
and you crystallize it that Crystal form
won have existed before because it's a
new compound and the more often you
crystallize it the easier it should get
for crystals of that kind to form and in
fact that's amazing but it is actually
really well known to chemists that new
compounds are very difficult to
crystallize you maybe wait years before
you get the first Crystal but thereafter
it gets easier to crystallize all around
the world that's insane that's crazy I
think about sometimes athletic
accomplishments too where somebody
pushes the bar just a little bit farther
and then all of a sudden it just seems
easier or something ostensibly and like
you could attribute that to like modern
doping or something but I think it's
something more than that it's almost as
if an accomplishment that formerly was
thought to be impossible is uploaded to
a central monad or repository or
something and then if somebody calls
upon it with the right resonance in the
future you know they it's it's it's that
much easier because you have more more
data in the repository or some something
like that he also shows that if a
thousand people or 10,000 people do a
crossword puzzle and a new person does
that crossword puzzle the next day
they'll finish it a little bit faster
than a a random crossword puzzle that
nobody has done prior that's a ties into
the same thing with the 100th monkey man
T same thing 100th monkey and and just
Innovation popping up at different
places around the world at the same time
the invention of the wheel or the
invention Diane talks about that too
right where what rocketry kind of
happening like Sous in different plac
why is it happening in in in in in
Russia and the US and and and then later
in Germany all at the same time yeah
there's some sort of maybe predetermined
Arc of techn and then you look at how
science occurs and it's way more
revelatory if you actually look at the
descriptions from the scientists yeah
they're not like I calculated XYZ and
then the answer came to me they came to
the architecture of the hydrogen atom
came to Wolf Gang pal in a dream right
the The Rock equation came to him while
he was staring at the fire this idea
that the mind is fully separate from an
objective Material World I think that'll
probably go away pretty soon yeah
there's a concept out there where I I
forget who said it but they talk about
us being like a a receiver yes and that
the Consciousness field is like the is
the signal and then we're just tapping
into that field right I think that's a
cool analogy that that actually makes a
lot of sense when you start to answer
some of these questions of how this is
happening right totally I like that
analogy though that kind of kind of sits
well with me yeah I love that yeah
transmission theory of conscious yeah
tapping in man totally yeah and maybe
our job is to like work on us as
receivers like work on the you know the
the energy field around you think about
it like that too like we're we're almost
like a a technology ourself and we're if
you you eat healthy and you work out you
your the signal is better yeah right
better information better downloads you
know well what's happening when you
Daydream are you constructing those
thoughts actively no it seems like that
you're receiving things from elsewhere
like if you're in a dreamlike state yeah
you are not consciously creating the
semantic thoughts but they're pouring in
and there's this question in
Neuroscience of like this like The
Binding problem like they know how all
the disperate parts of your brain work
you know brok's area speech you know W's
area is reading comprehension but we
don't know how it Blends together into
the SE perception and then they can
remove a part that's supposed to do this
thing and then it will find a way around
and to rewrite and do it anyway exactly
it's somehow malleable and understands
how to yeah and it's like a it's like a
radio like if you were to remove the
capacitor or the battery of the radio
maybe the music would stop playing or
not playing the right way but you really
need to know that it's tapping into an
electromagnetic field this antenna The
Field's still there and that's how
that's the thing tapping into you know
of all these Four Seasons or whatever is
playing you know like that's it's that
it's the field it's not you know locally
being produced inside of you what do you
think per like just your opinion on that
is that like the plank field is that is
that where that sits is that it is that
this is go gets into stuff that's way
smarter than me and deeper than me but I
think there's a subquantum field that
deals with Quantum potentials so vector
and scaler potentials that deal with
actually what we were talking about
before as far as anomalies and
electromagnetism where this guy named
Loren who had this equation where he set
the derivatives of the vector and scalar
potentials to zero but in fact I think
heavyside Oliver heavyside who kind of
you know was one of the fathers of
electromagnetism knew this and basically
I think there's another field involving
scalar and Vector potentials and that
explains these anomalies in
electromagnetism like the aov bom effect
where you don't have electric fields or
magnetic fields present but you do have
these potential present right and so
maybe a lot arises around these
potentials and maybe the potentials
themselves are sort of the Quantum Code
if you will of the universe which is
kind of information theoretic all John
Wheeler and again I'm speaking about
things that are well beyond my pay grade
but I mean but it ties into the same
thing and I also like have you heard of
the uh the E8 Theory where it's like the
eight dimensional quasi crystal is
projecting reality onto man look that
you that that that gets a little beyond
my understanding of it CU I I mean I
just this is like hobby level like
looking into it for me me too I don't
have that kind of I don't have the
background but they talk about this uh
that our reality is a projection from an
eighth dimensional uhhuh plane and that
all of and they can they can correlate
that with all the different particles uh
that tie into and the way they describe
is really cool like they show a thre
diim a two-dimensional depiction of a
threedimensional crystal on a like as a
Shadow uhhuh and they show you how that
can how it moves and rotates when they
rotate the three-dimensional piece and
they say if you can imagine that eight
levels up like that that's how that's
projecting down into 3D that's fast
that's pretty cool man well it's almost
like you know this like you have these
platonic solids these you know platonic
objects that like like a tesseract right
you cannot visualize a tesseract you can
only see the shadow of a tesseract right
and that's a 3D and that's a 3D object
rendering of this H thing and then you
have to ask is the world itself a 3D
rendering of this higher thing going on
which goes back to like Plato's Cave oh
yeah and are we just rendering it in
this like kind of low-level substrate
that's all we can kind of comprehend and
then there's that's the quantum uh what
is it the double slit experiment that
would explain you know how we collap
collapse the wave function with
Consciousness right I think an extremely
valid hypothesis that's actually
consistent with the Copenhagen school's
interpretation that measurement
collapses the wave function is that
there's something actually about our
minds that are that collaps away
function and every serious Quantum field
theorist entertained this at the time
and now you have modern Quantum
theorists saying no it's it it's just
the particles kind of you know once they
interact they or you know once the waves
interact they collapse into particles or
whatever and it's like what about like
what stroder himself thought or what
what about what you know Von noyman
thought well it's like uh you know Sean
Carroll talks about this he's got like a
very strict view on this where it's like
this is just how the math plays out or
whatever and then you go like The Other
Extreme where it's where it's like no
this is saying that Consciousness is
collapsing the way function and so do
you is it actually whe when they say
this now I don't know exactly the right
answer this are they saying that the
actual Act of measurement or just the
act of observing which one so I
Copenhagen School keeps it very humble
in their claims and they just say the
Act of measurement collapses a wave
function and I'm glad you brought up
Sean Carroll because he's the most
popular kind of quantum guy now and what
he'll say is reality itself Quantum
reality itself is
probabilistic and but that is totally
antagonistic and that is again and I'm a
fan of Sean Carroll and he's like
explained all sorts of things that like
a stupid person like me can understand
you know so I'm grateful to him but
he'll say things like reality is
fundamentally probabilistic like it like
somehow Schrodinger's wave equation
which is
probabilistic is the substrate of
reality schinger himself would talk
about Schrodinger's cat of being
existing in super position right as a
joke he did and there's even clips of
Roger penr being like he wasn't serious
he wasn't serious he didn't actually
think that the cat could exist in super
position almost using it as a way of
like showing the ridiculous showing how
ridiculous and
weird as far as ontological truth the
quantum stuff points to but saying we
actually probably need to figure this
out people often say well maybe with a
sufficient technicality we could build
shing's cats that was not what schinger
point was he was saying this is
ridiculous you can't really have a cat
which is dead and alive at the same time
yeah but it was a m illustration of a
wider point right that's right I love
how science and this this esoteric
thinking and and science is all kind of
coming together in this unique way it's
like you could you could look at it any
way from any perspective and and you
could find some truth you know it's
awesome man well okay so there's a lot
of good a lot of you know Consciousness
raising we're going to get out of this
there might be some bad this is a
Pandora box things are going to get
crazy yeah how do we prepare for a world
uh where this sort of you know stuff
that's been kind of held in the back
closet just gets busted wide open as far
as just being prepared dude like if
that's if that worst case scenario is
what happens I think people need to
start awareness is key right starting to
be aware of what's going on start
digging in start identifying for you
what's true uh use your discernment uh
into companies like ritc that's trying
to to to be a buffer for some of this
and prevent the proliferation of AI and
and and all these things you know join
movements like ours um go to your local
people in your local area in Vegas I
have uh my company uh Bravo one defense
I teach people how to how to do basic
survival stuff uh how to operate weapon
safely pistol rifle long range rifle um
go to your people your local area didn't
know that kind of stuff and train learn
how to to be proficient with a weapon so
in case you need to use one you can um
learn some basic survival skills how
much food would you need to how much
food would you need to store to survive
six months with the grid down what kind
of food would you want to store if you
can't cook I mean other than Open Flame
you know like there's things you need to
think about that maybe a lot of people
aren't prepared for and wouldn't know
what to do and as soon as they don't
have a grocery store to get their things
are they going to be able to function I
mean and and also be prepared to do
defend yourself cuz if you're not then
you're just collecting [__] for the
toughest guy in your neighborhood you
know yeah that's a joke that uh I think
Bill Burr said was hilarious yeah he's
like I feel like I'm just collecting
[__] from the toughest guy in my
neighborhood he started preparing and
getting ready but yeah so I mean train
be ready be aware well I think there was
that moment right when the pandemic hit
right covid-19 where it was like all of
a sudden we didn't quite know what the
thing was we were like all like about to
lock down and there's this extremely
ominous feeling of like is this actually
the end of like the us as we know it
yeah it ended up not really being that
but I think keeping that little sense
memory in mind is probably a healthy
thing I mean that was a b real minor flu
comparatively to anything serious well
we did we didn't learn any lesson right
so like the lessons would be we should
produce our own PPE protective equipment
in the US yes you were we were dependent
on the country from which Co came for
protective equipment and they were
tapped because they were using it
totally so like at the very least like
you know we traded self-sufficiency for
basically cheaper TVs on on the coasts
or whatever over and over and over again
over and over again and so like some
sort of lesson around you know internal
self self-sufficiency sovereignty and
you know rebuilding the American
manufacturing base should have been the
bare minimum takeaway and it feels like
we've done none of that and in April or
May of 2020 you have you know chairman
of the FED Drome Powell saying let's
let's print a f ton of money and just
infused you know our system and you have
this thing called the the cantillon
effect where that's all that just acrs
directly to equities to the equity
holding class the rich got way richer
the amount of billionaires I don't want
I don't know if it's doubled or you know
some by an of magnitude expanded and
then you know the rest of the country
sort of left on you know Ubi for a
temporary period and like you know a lot
a lot of businesses got gutted and so
talk about not learning the lesson right
right I mean it's it's almost like we
got redirected and then and then
simultaneous to all of that I think some
spiritual energy entered and I think
there's we we're sort of moved off our
zombie path and I think we've we've
awoken to real truths in the world like
that I like the way you put that I man
that's that's I kind of feel like that
too like I feel definitely more awake in
in more recent times from all this
totally more aware just I didn't feel
like I was this this aware of everything
before right I mean it feels different
same and I think it's I do you
experience it being for me it's been
harder but better and rewarding and and
so it was almost like in initially
especially you feel like you know you're
undergoing like hard changes to make
yourself a better person yeah but then
on the other end of that you be you're
like oh my God like I it was like almost
like you were a zombie before and you
you're you're kind of awake to all these
realities in in a really positive way
100% exactly how I feel absolutely well
I hope the world wakes up man and I
think by you telling your story I you
know I know you're going to play it down
but I I do think you are just adding to
this Renaissance of consciousness and
thought and ideas as far as people
knowing that there's a lot more out
there yeah man and our reality is just
fine like we don't need to we don't need
to upload to the cloud that's right you
know that's right yeah well I think if
uh the if our reality is as as strange
as you know involving gauntlets you know
emitting hieroglyphics and and orbs
levitating we should figure that stuff
out before we you know drop into Sims
and just bear with bear with it a little
bit till January because who knows you
know see let's see what happens
hopefully they don't just information
dump a bunch of [__] that screws up our
reality but I I'm I'm with you in that
in that and um yeah I wonder how much
you know any of that that comes out
doveet tales with what you have to say
because I think what's interesting about
all of this is like it all corroborates
and it all checks and like you you speak
to grush and it's like he'll bring up
you know these names of the people who
started the clearance system for for
UFOs like Robert sarbacher and oppenheim
then you do all this open source
research and you start to build this
Narrative of like the last 75 years of
our history from like a US Government
perspective Is Not What It Seems and
then simultaneous to that you have this
promise from the new Trump
Administration to disclose all of these
kind of dark truths in the American past
and so let's see let's see hopefully he
does but let's see yeah right every a
lot of presidents have promised this
well the and the traditional thing is
that you go up against the power
structure you know JFK wanted to scatter
the CIA to the winds look at what
happened to him Nixon wanted to reduce
the CIA by a third as Force reduction
and there are some you know interesting
narratives as to how he might have been
kind of pushed out you know for for the
five burglars at Watergate we're CIA
agents yeah kind of wild yeah so I don't
know we'll see it play out it's going to
get interesting though it certainly is
man be prepared everyone well Randy this
has been a pleasure man honored that you
uh you know gave me the time here and uh
I'm I'm excited for for people to see
this and hopefully we learn something
maybe from the aftermath of you know all
the independent researchers out there
looking into the hieroglyphic symbols
yeah man the levitating orb there a lot
of this it's almost like this that your
story begets more questions than answers
but I think that's often the case yeah
awesome man well sir appreciate
appreciate meeting you with you and
working with you here and thank you so
much man right back at you all right was
Randy shown this technology as a weapons
expert to see if he could figure it out
reverse engineer it on the spot as a
litmus test to see how an exposed
adversary might react in many ways this
interview begets more questions than
answers but three things are clear
number one Randy's credentials in
background are Beyond reproach and we
have an abundance of artifacts to prove
that number two we should be infinitely
grateful for his courage in speaking out
about his experience and number three
this story is unequivocally worthy of
follow-ups and further investigation I
want to thank Randy for his courage and
selflessness in speaking out if anyone
needs help with self-defense
self-sufficiency or disaster preparation
in the Vegas area please reach out to
him at Bravo one defense on Instagram
until next time I'm Jesse Michaels and
this is American Alchemy